feat(impact): document types of impact (#121)
pluginsGLPI/doc: source/carbon/types_of_impact.rst

Types of impact
===============

Carbon dioxyde equivalent
--------------------------

The amount of carbon dioxide (CO2) emission that would have an equivalent effect on a  specified key measure of climate change, over a specified time horizon, as an emitted amount of another greenhouse gas (GHG) or a mixture of other GHGs. For a mix of GHGs, it is obtained by summing the CO2-equivalent emissions of each gas. There are various ways and time horizons to compute such equivalent emissions (see greenhouse gas emission metric). CO2-equivalent emissions are commonly used to compare emissions of different GHGs, but should not be taken to imply that these emissions have an equivalent effect across all key measures of climate change.

Climate change 2021, IPCC, glossary, page 2224
https://www.ipcc.ch/report/ar6/wg1/downloads/report/IPCC_AR6_WGI_FullReport.pdf

Antimony equivalent
--------------------

> The antimony is a metaloid: it has properties of both metals and non-metals. It is used in life cycle assessment to assess the impact of tie extraction from the Earth crust of non biotic resources, like minerals and fossil fuels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Antimony is a metalloid: it has properties of both metals and non-metals. It is used in life cycle assessments to assess the impact of tie extraction from the Earth crust of non-biotic resources, like minerals and fossil fuels.
```

Primary energy
--------------

> The primary energy is the energy contained in natural resources before any conversion or transformation. It is used in life cycle assessment to assess the impact of energy extraction from the Earth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary energy is the energy contained in natural resources before any conversion or transformation. It is used in lifecycle assessments to assess the impact of energy extraction from the Earth.
```
